
==== 2025.01.31 ====
0.6.0 Final vision
1. Improvements:
    - shop control with mouse
2. More enemies and tools
3. Add meta progression
    - only small part of tech tree is unlocked from beginning
    - during playthrough new tools can be dropped
    - these dropped tools appear in meta progression screen after loose/win
    - you collect special orbs to spend them on meta progression
4. Remove difficulties (maybe)
5. New wave spawning logic
    - hard stop spawning every 5 waves
    - stop countdown if current wave is secured

I have approx 7 days of active development left (I have 15 calendar days but I'll be in a trip to Thailand so effectively I have less time).
I have to decide what I want to add during this time.
How do I do that? Well, what is my goal for this period?
After playtesting and watching my charts I can say the game didn't win a lot of fame.
So in the next 7 days I want to add something that will make to most impact, i.e. attract more players.
If I would to define the reasons of low interest to the game I would say there are two factors:
1. The main one. No magic. The game just doesn't have it.
2. Friction. Bugs, lack of clarity, imbalance. Everything that kills fun.

With 2. it's simple. Just fix and improve.

But 1. What do I do to fix 1. ?
What info do I have?
- there's a group of players who enjoy the game, including challenge
- there's not a lot of replayability
    - skilled players can win the game in a few runs
    - non-skilled get killed early and are not motivated to try again

My gut feeling tells me that the game is just too small.
The whole game can be beaten in 15-20 minutes on highest difficulty. And then you can only just repeat the same gameplay.
I know 2 ways to solve this:
1. Meta progression
2. Randomisation (aka make it a roguelike)

Despite the fact that I'm not the biggest fun of 1. my second gut feeling suggests that it's the better choice to try. I can experiment both with rng (random drops) AND meta progression.
So right now my hypothesis is: adding more content (enemies and tools) + meta progression will increase replayability and gain more players.

Another way of gainig interest is improving visuals and fantasy (adding narration). But these are two fields I'm not very experienced in. I can build and test stuff. So I'm sticking with more content and new mechanics.

